[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are joined by
Victoria Whitney,
a doctor of science and a
retired member of the Department
of Defense, United States Navy.
Today, we're discussing
Andromedan technologies.
Victoria, welcome
to the show again.
>> VICTORIA WHITNEY: Hi, Emery.
>> EMERY: So let's
talk about this.
What was your first experience
with some of these technologies?
>> WHITNEY: With the
technologies, well,
I've seen technologies probably
most of my life because I've had
experiences with many
different species.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> WHITNEY: But there's a
difference between seeing it
and then there's a difference of
seeing it used in many different
ways.
And so for the Andromedans,
when I first met them,
they were very
standoffish, did not want
to commit to conversations.
And it wasn't until
Zendor, who was
their captain for that conclave,
had a conversation with them,
and then suddenly
they were different.
I believe it has something
to do with him explaining
to them that they came to me
because I was a gold light.
So everything
changed after that,
and they were more
willing to share things.
So we had many, many
discussions about their life,
and they very much--
technology is their forte.
They incorporated
it as much as they
can into not only their
living environments,
but all of their spacecraft,
their education, literally
everything.
So just like everybody
else, they have cities.
But in the difference of this
we have Xeronne and Kitanne,
pilot navigator.
I've said before that they
were bred for their positions,
and this really takes
on a whole new meaning
when you start learning
how they live their lives.
They were both bred
aboard the Cyrillian,
which is a commercialized
sector spaceport.
Very large, over 2,000
miles in diameter.
That's about as big as our moon.
And they were bred in the,
what they call CP units.
And they're labeled 1 and 2, 3
and 4, so there's pairs of them.
So they're bred two at a
time and their energies
are totally in-sync.
And I thought, well, that's
an interesting concept.
>> EMERY: That's
specific for the ship?
>> WHITNEY: That-- well, this
was specific for what their need
was.
So they breed them according
to what their need is.
And it happened to be that
they have a class of ships, so
the M Class of ship that is
very popular amongst them,
they needed pilots
and navigators.
So the two of them were
bred for that class ship.
But the thing is that they have
the technology, the download
for the rest of their craft.
So they can literally get
into anything and fly it,
and they understand the
mechanics of it and everything.
But what's interesting
is, so they're
bred from a particular lineage.
So as pure a lineage as
the Andromedans can get,
that's what creates the basis or
foundation for what they call--
they're considered a
natural part of this.
They have two things
because they also
breed for cyborgs and
androids and things like that.
More a cloning process.
But these two are not cloned.
They're actually what they
call a natural or natal pact,
in which they use the lineage
from the original Andromedans
to form their existence.
And so when they come
out of this unit,
they come out as almost
equivalent to a 25-year-old.
And they're blank slates.
And what's happened
is during the process,
they're embedded with AI
technologies such as modules
and things, so that
they can interface
with other AI technologies.
And then they take them in
to get their programming.
And so they program them
for many different things.
So, like I say, they can fly--
>> EMERY: Why just two of them?
>> WHITNEY: In pairs,
they look at it and say,
look at it like you have
to halves of a brain.
And together, you
can do great things.
And that's how they look.
These are the two
halves, and together they
can do great things.
And they interface
with their ship
or they can interface
with any AI technology.
But it's interesting that they
program them for what they need.
>> EMERY: When you say program,
is that we're learning something
or is it more like circuitry,
like transhumanism?
>> WHITNEY: It's not--
it's not like trans--
there are cyborgs and androids
are more like transhumanism.
But for them, they take them in.
I mean, they're very
much organic, like us,
but they take them in and they
decide what programs they need.
They put them in these pods
and it's instantaneous.
And they get whatever types
of programs they need,
whether it's diplomacy or,
like I say, flying these craft
or whatever the case is.
They get downloaded
with this programming.
And then the next phase is once
they've had all their downloads,
then they go to what
they call betas.
And in the betas,
they're learning
to act more human
characteristics, so to speak.
Because they don't have that.
They haven't had
the experiences.
>> EMERY: So they don't
have that much emotion then?
>> WHITNEY: Right.
No emotion whatsoever.
So that's why people think
they're so stern and everything,
is because they're
just matter of fact.
And so it's interesting to see--
I've asked them, what
about relationships?
Because they have a relationship
between the two of them.
Can they have relationships
outside of that?
And they looked at me and
just laughed and said, why?
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> WHITNEY: And I
mean, are you complete?
Is that what that
means, is you're
complete just having this other
entity that is a like energy.
Do you need anything else?
>> EMERY: So they're just
bred just for that spaceship?
>> WHITNEY: Yes, Yes.
If it was engineering,
they would
have some that are bred
just for engineering
or whatever the case may be.
And so getting to know
these two was interesting.
And what they said
when they came
was that pilot and navigation,
but they were also the security.
They were there to protect
the rest of the conclave.
And, so they've had downloads
of tactical experience.
And we were talking one time
about, because my grandson wants
to-- he thinks it'd be great
just to go in and plug it in
and you know all
the martial arts.
And they looked at me like,
what's wrong with that?
How do you think we got there?
And that's part of that program.
>> EMERY: Can they operate
multiple ships at the same time?
>> WHITNEY: They're capable of
interfacing with multiple ships.
So remember, their ship
can split into three.
We talked about
their bio-organics.
Right, so they can control all
three of them at the same time.
And that's interesting
because can we do that?
Our brains don't allow us to--
we're good with one or two
things, but if we start getting
three or four, it falls apart.
And so it's interesting
that they can do that.
And the thing is they
don't need controls,
they don't need
physical controls.
All they need to do is think it.
And that interface
is right there.
So everything was holographic.
So they become part
of that hologram
and they're able to
interface with it
on a level in which we couldn't
even begin to understand.
But certainly, they're
interesting people,
highly intelligent.
So is that part of
the programming?
Or is that something that
once they get the programming,
they evolve to that?
I don't know.
They do get some
programming that tells them
about the universal source and
why it's so important to them
and that that's
their spirituality.
So they come in with
that core belief.
>> EMERY: Who chooses that?
>> WHITNEY: Well, apparently,
that's the Andromedan Council
for them.
So they don't consider
themselves an empire.
Their formal government is
their Andromedan Council.
And I believe that they
are constantly doing what's
best for the Andromeda species.
So given that, they will host
these natal pacts or beings
being created in
order to meet needs
within the Andromedan society.
So, like I say, if
they need engineers
and they don't have
any, here what we do
is we send kids to school
for a couple of years
to become an engineer, and they
flood the market or the school
with lots of engineers.
And then all of a sudden, you're
either dry or you're too many.
There, it's just
exactly what they need.
And so that's a
different concept
to be able to create
what you need.
But when it comes to
relationships then,
we're talking something
totally different.
Because our understanding
of a relationship
and their understanding is two
opposite ends of the scale.
>> EMERY: So you mentioned
natural reproduction earlier.
Is there any artificial
reproduction going on?
>> WHITNEY: Well, sure.
Because we talked about the fact
that androids and cyborgs, OK.
In their classification
things, we look at that on TV
and we still see a robot.
But for them, it is very
much a living being.
It's autonomous, can think
for itself, make decisions.
It's still part
of their society.
But yet it's something that--
it's an artificial
reproduction of what that is.
They don't use any of
their lineage material
in order to create that.
So it's not a
biological in any way.
It may have some biological
parts because at one point,
Xeronne showed me a picture.
And what it looked like
was a biological face,
but then all these mechanical
parts attached to it.
And we would look at
something like that
and go, oh, what is that?
But to them, that's just
another species of them,
one that they have created
for specific purposes.
And I'm not sure what
all those purposes are.
We didn't really get
too much into that,
but that's a normal
course of action.
They interact with them just
like it was any other species.
And so that would very much
be an artificial reproduction
for them.
And they don't call it cloning.
That word is a horrible word for
them because I, at one point,
I mentioned that.
I said, so you're
actually cloning.
And they said that's offensive.
And I said, well, I have
a lack of understanding
of what that is then.
And they said cloning
is by taking the DNA
and mixing it with other DNAs.
And they said, that's impure.
So I said, OK, I'll take
it for what it's worth,
but that's not a
word that they use.
They use this natal pact
which says that it's
a pure lineage of DNA.
And not necessarily DNA.
I'm not even sure if that's
how we would classify it.
>> EMERY: But they're growing.
>> WHITNEY: But
they're growing, right.
And they grow full size.
They don't go through an infant
stage, which is interesting.
And they grow full size, and
they equate it to about being
the age of a 25-year-old
when they come out.
And of course, they live
for 1,500 to 2,000 years.
And then they go
through this process
in which that body gets
reclaimed and renewed
into something else.
Yeah, so.
>> EMERY: Is that all
done in those pods?
>> WHITNEY: In the
CP chambers, right.
Yeah.
And it looks like, if
you've seen Star Trek,
you've seen these big
cased beds on there.
That's exactly what
it looked like.
But what was interesting is
when they were showing me,
they're paired.
So the ones that they were in,
they took pictures because we--
I love this.
We have a newborn.
Everybody takes
pictures of the newborn.
And that's basically
what happens
is they record that event.
And so here was their
chamber 01 and 02.
And that's them paired.
And then it just goes down.
They say there's just
about 100 chambers.
>> EMERY: How long does that
take for that person to grow?
>> WHITNEY: Well, that's
what I asked them.
So what's interesting is they're
named by their lineage and then
a star date.
That's who they are.
They don't have a last name.
So it's a name by their
lineage and then a star date.
And then according to them,
it took 56 days for that body
to be released from
the CP chamber.
And then like I say, they come
out, they're a blank slate.
And I thought that's interesting
because how do they--
they must have to put them on
a cart and take them someplace.
Because if you're
a blank slate, how
do you get the body to start
moving and doing things?
>> EMERY: Yeah, how is it--
don't they stimulate
it in any way?
>> WHITNEY: It apparently not.
What it goes for is
this programming next.
And then, like I say, it
receives whatever programming.
And according to them, it is
a large volume of programming
that they receive.
>> EMERY: How long
does that take?
>> WHITNEY: So they
say it takes a day.
So they take them in there
for a day and program them.
And then from there,
they go into another part
of the Space Station
because they're
raised on a Space Station.
So they go to this other
part of the Space Station,
and that's where
the betas are at.
And then it's basically
a training session.
How do you conduct yourself?
They are learning how
to use their programming
in various ways.
And then they'll
graduate from the betas,
and then they go into a cycle
where they become the teacher
to the next set of
betas, so that they're
seeing both sides of that.
And then eventually,
they're assigned someplace.
>> EMERY: What can you tell
us about the space stations?
Are they government?
Are they private?
>> WHITNEY: Well, I can
tell you lots about them.
So they have what they call
commercialized sector space
stations.
And that's the
one, the Cyrillian
is the one that
Xeronne and Kitanne--
>> EMERY: Cyrillian?
>> WHITNEY: Cyrillian.
That belongs to the
Andromedan Council.
They run all of the
commercialized sector.
And those are the ones that
are doing mining or building
other ships or biospheres.
I mean--
>> EMERY: How big
are we talking here?
>> WHITNEY: So it's a little
over 2,100 miles across.
It's huge.
It's just the size
of a moon almost.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> WHITNEY: And
they live on there.
The two of them had never
set foot in a city to live.
They had visited cities,
but they were never
living in a city.
They just lived totally
on the space station.
And then there are
private ones, and there
are some private ones that they
use for commercial development.
But they said for
the majority of them,
the private ones are like hotels
and gaming and entertainment
and different things like that.
And they're spaced all
throughout the constellation,
which is interesting
because we've all seen--
>> EMERY: Did they move
around or are they stay--
>> WHITNEY: They can
move around, yeah.
>> EMERY: They can move around.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah, so if they're
doing a big biosphere like
a planet-sized biosphere,
then several of them will come
together and support.
>> EMERY: And why would
they be doing that?
>> WHITNEY: To build
biospheres or to move around?
>> EMERY: To build
the biospheres?
>> WHITNEY: Well, so there
are entities like in part
of our vision, that's what they
said, we were on a biosphere.
The Omicron Commonwealth
was on a biosphere.
So obviously, somebody
has to build that.
We don't have the
technology here.
>> EMERY: They're known for
being the master builders.
>> WHITNEY: They're master
shipbuilders, yes, yes.
In fact, most of
the species, that's
where they go to get their
cruisers and different things
is through the Andromedans.
And they're all technology
every step of the way.
They don't talk about
their weapon systems,
which I understand that.
>> EMERY: But they're really
cocky about being proud of these
craft.
>> WHITNEY: Indeed, indeed,
nobody does it better.
So I was reminded frequently.
Well, you know.
And that's basically what it is.
>> EMERY: Are there different
ships for different jobs?
>> WHITNEY: Yes.
Yes.
So they have this
one that they work
on is what they call a Class
M. I don't know what that
means in the scheme of things.
I don't know if they
go through and say
A, B, C, D, I don't know.
But they call this
a Class M ship.
So we had a picture of
what it looked like.
It's a smaller vessel it allows
them to go both interstellar
and interplanetary,
which means that it
has some type of system to adapt
between those changes in density
and gravities.
It also has what they call
a fission fusion chamber.
And if that's the power that it
stores, it has collectors on it.
So they come up like
big sails, and it's
collecting star
particle material
and then converting
it to energy.
And that's what they use.
So they never run out of it.
And they say that they can
feel when the ship needs
to have its sails lifted.
So that's interesting.
They felt when their ship was--
they got into a--
>> EMERY: Like solar sails?
>> WHITNEY: Solar
sails sort of, right.
It looks like dragon wings that
came up with hexagon-shaped.
But what was interesting
is their ship
was shot with some type of
plasma beam and received a gash,
and all three of them felt it.
And then it began
to repair itself.
And at some point Kitanne
said, we're almost healed,
including themselves
in that statement.
And so I thought
that was interesting
that that's how close
that relationship is
between all of them.
>> EMERY: How does this ship
get the energy to heal itself?
>> WHITNEY: So because
it's a conscious being,
it has a frequency.
>> EMERY: OK, makes sense.
Yeah.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah.
And just healing just
comes natural to it.
And both Kitanne and
Xeronne believe in healing.
So I think that's just a natural
function of that, prime core
belief, is that
everything is energy.
And so the ship started
the healing process,
but they were very aware
of the healing process.
>> EMERY: How old
are these ships?
>> WHITNEY: Well, the one
that they have is fairly new
because they were bred at the
same time the ship was made.
So I don't know their true age
right now because I don't know
when that 25-mark hit for them.
I don't know when they were
brought into service, so
to speak.
>> EMERY: You mentioned
this Class M craft.
Why would they use
our alphabet for that?
>> WHITNEY: Well, I think that
was for our understanding.
>> EMERY: Oh, OK.
>> WHITNEY: I think that
probably they would have called
it something else and we would
have been confused as to what
that means.
So they gave us
something in which
we could reference and have
an understanding, because I
didn't question that.
I have no idea what that means.
But they tend to give us
things that are referenced,
that we can understand.
>> EMERY: What is the
working relationship between
the Andromedan Council and
the Galactic Federation?
>> WHITNEY: Well, they
have a really good working
relationship.
Of course, they have formal
agreements between them.
And the Federation
has a formal set
of directives that they follow.
So that would mean that
the Andromedan Council
has agreed to those directives.
Now, what happens if somebody
outside of the Federation
decides that they want to ship?
OK, this is business.
So they would come in
and probably just like
anything else, have
a meeting, discuss
what that is, who's going to pay
what, and then go from there.
Now, if they had
some determination
that they were going to
use that craft for that
may be detrimental to a society
that's part of the Federation,
then it would behoove
them not to go down
that route because they
do have this agreement.
>> EMERY: Who decides--
who decides that?
>> WHITNEY: Well,
that's what the Council.
So the Council gets
involved with that
and they'll go to the
Federation, apparently.
And I have seen
that where that's
happened, where they've
gone and they've
had these huge sessions where
they've talked about things
and decided what's the
best course of action.
And if it has anything to do
with their prime directive,
so to speak, they'll go in
and they'll check that first
and they'll say, we cannot
do this because, and then
they'll state what that
prime directive is.
So it's very
diplomatic in that way.
And I think that's
probably the easiest
way to resolve any tensions
between people will say,
well, look, we
just can't do this
because our prime
directive says this.
They're very cognizant.
>> EMERY: --of time, Victoria,
where people or different
species are both purchasing
like the same craft--
>> WHITNEY: Oh, I'm sure.
>> EMERY: And using
maybe against each other?
>> WHITNEY: I'm sure
that's probably happened.
Because you're not
going to go and say,
hey, I'm going to
purchase this craft
because I want to go commit
war over here with so and so,
and vice versa.
What you're going to do is
say, I have a need for a craft
and you're going to be--
remember, they're
telepathic so they can sit.
So what does that mean you have
to do in your consciousness?
It means that you have to be
as upfront and truthful as you
can be.
So are they going to sense
that you're being deceitful?
I mean, if you're
being deceitful,
they're not going to
go down that path.
But if they feel like, you're
being truthful with them
and what have you that I'm
sure they would probably
acquiesce to building it.
But I also noticed
that they don't
have a large membership of
purchasers in spacecraft
from them.
Meaning that it seems to be
the same entities purchasing
craft for whatever purpose,
whether it's for cargo
or passengers or whatever.
>> EMERY: Oh, specific for that.
>> WHITNEY: Exactly, exactly.
>> EMERY: Duty, yeah.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah.
Yeah.
Now, when you come down
to these cruiser classes,
because what are
cruisers meant for?
Well, they're meant for
deterrence of conflict.
And so do they have people
that are purchasing those?
Yes, but usually it's
the fleet services
that belong to the Federation.
So I think that they've
made this pact that as long
as they're willing to put
this out there and say,
we're offering an appearance
of security that's
beneficial to all.
>> EMERY: The pilots that
are bred for other craft.
Do they have any other
special enhancements?
>> WHITNEY: Oh, sure.
They're stronger, faster.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah,
they're so agile.
There was a day where we watched
the two of them practicing hand
to hand combat.
They're equally matched
because they're same energies.
>> EMERY: Wow, that's right.
>> WHITNEY: And to
watch them move and see,
they can jump higher than
we can jump, run faster.
I mean, there's
just no comparison
between what we can do
and what they can do.
But they also have
enhancements within the ship.
Remember, they're interfacing
with this bio-organic ship
because it's one unit now.
Just in the thinking alone,
there isn't any manual controls
that they're having
to deal with.
So just in the
thinking alone, that
means that they
have to be sharper.
It means that they
have to be able to see
what the outcome is going to
be before it ever happens.
And so there's, I think,
a lot of that intellect
that is transpiring between
both the ship and the pilot
and the navigator to be able to
foresee movements and actions
and things like that
that we normally wouldn't
take into consideration.
>> EMERY: Did they mention
anything about social bonds,
not just between each other,
but between them and the ship
as well?
>> WHITNEY: Well, when
they split into three,
which is interesting, and that's
usually during a period where
if they're being
faced with a threat,
they will split into three,
because if it's one target,
easier to hit.
If it's three targets,
it's much harder to hit.
And so they're still in contact.
There's only two of them.
That means one of them doesn't
have a physical contact.
And yet it's still part of
the system of being interfaced
with the two of them.
And so they can coordinate
that whole thing.
And if something happens,
like I say, the ship was hit.
It was then split into three.
One section of it was hit,
but all of them felt it.
And then when they came
back together, and he said,
there was empathy amongst them.
That's huge.
Because when was the last
time you got in your car
and it had empathy for you?
So that was really a
big thing to realize
that this living
consciousness really
has a relationship with them.
And that relationship
goes beyond just being
able to fly around as a craft.
>> EMERY: And the conscious
came in after it was built.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah,
fascinating stuff.
I would love to be--
I've been in their ship.
I've interfaced with it.
And what's interesting is that
it'll say what type of voice
would you like to hear.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> WHITNEY: Like, maybe that's
an effect upon us, right?
I mean, I didn't give it
any thought whatsoever.
I have an Alexa, right?
I don't care which voice she
uses, just as long as she
does what she's supposed to do.
But for that, it
was concerned that
in providing me
with a voice that
would help me to understand it.
And so I thought that was
very intuitive on its part
to be able to even
think of that.
That's just not something we do.
>> EMERY: Are the Andromedans
involved with Earth and humans
at this time?
>> WHITNEY: So let's
clarify that for a moment.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> WHITNEY: OK.
So involvement can be
in many different forms.
So let's say that--
we'll say Class A
is full involvement.
We're doing everything we can
to telepathically reach out
to different humans or that
we're making visitations to them
or whatever the case.
That's the most heightened
form of being involved.
Then class B would be that
we need you to do something
and so we're going to
download that to you.
So people get downloads then.
And then C is we're here but
we're not bothered with you.
And they kind of
fall in the C Class.
We're here, but it's not our
job to take you anywhere.
Our job is to do what
we're here to do.
So hence, the pilot
and the navigator
were here to
protect the conclave
and transport them
where they needed to go.
It wasn't to interface with us.
It just happened to be by
accident that they wound up
having to interface.
>> EMERY: They sound
like an amazing race.
>> WHITNEY: I agree, I think
that they're very amazing and I
think that they've got
so much to offer us.
We just need to be
paying attention.
>> EMERY: Sounds good.
Well, Victoria, thank you
for being on the show.
>> WHITNEY: Well,
you're welcome.
Thanks for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith,
and this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]